**Title:**  DiscoverMusic

**Description of project:** As the world of music continues to grow, there seems to be a never ending list of songs to listen to. Listeners, like us, can feel overwhelmed by their options and lost on where to start their discovery journey. Therefore, through this web application, we are hoping to provide personalized artist and song suggestions based on the user’s previous music interests. Currently in the music streaming industry, there are many ways to get music suggestions. However, there is an issue with the personalization of the artists. For example, I have been recommended latin music even though I have not previously expressed interest in that genre. So, with the help of this API, we are hoping to provide more curated and personalized suggestions that are based on the user’s past songs and artists. The API we chose to use, TasteDive, is a “taste-based personalization” API focused on different types of entertainment. After searching up a specific artist, TasteDive provides a list of artists in similar types of genres. For the front end, we will focus on HTML and CSS as that is the most comfortable for us at this moment, but we are open to developing our front-end technology as we grow or as the application grows.

**Description of target browser:** Our project will be a website fit for a desktop computer. We are the most comfortable working on creating websites and therefore went this route. Additionally, our target browser is Chrome as most people have access to it and typically set it as their default browser. 
